artless           base-court        apple-john
bawdy             bat-fowling       baggage
beslubbering      beef-witted       barnacle
bootless          beetle-headed     bladder
brazen            boil-brained      boar-pig
churlish          bunched-backed    bugbear
clouted           clapper-clawed    bum-bailey
cockered          clay-brained      canker-blossom
craven            common-kissing    clack-dish
currish           crook-pated       clotpole
dankish           dismal-dreaming   codpiece
dissembling       dizzy-eyed        coxcomb
distempered       dog-hearted       crutch
droning           doghearted        cutpurse
errant            dread-bolted      death-token
fawning           earth-vexing      dewberry
fitful            elf-skinned       dogfish
fobbing           empty-hearted     egg-shell
frothy            evil-eyed         flap-dragon
froward           eye-offending     flax-wench
gleeking          fat-kidneyed      flirt-gill
gnarling          fen-sucked        foot-licker
goatish           flap-mouthed      fustilarian
gorbellied        fly-bitten        giglet
greasy            folly-fallen      gudgeon
grizzled          fool-born         gull-catcher
haughty           full-gorged       haggard
hideous           guts-griping      harpy
impertinent       half-faced        hedge-pig
infectious        hasty-witted      hempseed
jaded             heavy-handed      horn-beast
jarring           hedge-born        hugger-mugger
knavish           hell-hated        jack-a-nape
lewd              horn-mad          jolthead
loggerheaded      idle-headed       lewdster
lumpish           ill-breeding      lout
mammering         ill-composed      maggot-pie
mangled           ill-nurtured      malignancy
mewling           iron-witted       malkin
paunchy           knotty-pated      malt-worm
peevish           lean-witted       mammet
pernicious        lily-livered      manikin
prating           mad-bread         measle
pribbling         milk-livered      minimus
puking            motley-minded     minnow
puny              muddy-mettled     miscreant
purpled           onion-eyed        moldwarp
quailing          pale-hearted      mumble-news
queasy            paper-faced       nut-hook
rank              pinch-spotted     pantaloon
reeky             plume-plucked     pigeon-egg
roguish           pottle-deep       pignut
roynish           pox-marked        pumpion
ruttish           raw-boned         puttock
saucy             reeling-ripe      rabbit-sucker
sottish           rough-hewn        rampallion
spleeny           rude-growing      ratsbane
spongy            rug-headed        remnant
surly             rump-fed          rudesby
tottering         shag-eared        ruffian
unmuzzled         shard-borne       scantling
vacant            sheep-biting      scullion
vain              shrill-gorged     scut
venomed           sour-faced        skainsmate
villainous        spur-galled       snipe
waggish           swag-bellied      strumpet
wanton            tardy-gaited      varlet
warped            tickle-brained    varlot
wayward           toad-spotted      vassal
weedy             unchin-snouted    wagtail
wenching          urchin-snouted    waterfly
whoreson          weak-hinged       whey-face
yeasty            weather-bitten    whipster
yeasty            white-livered     younker
